[Music]
we are recording welcome to the wiki in
web browsers and if sqe teen sinkhole as
is customary at this point we shall do a
round of what I done last week what I
hope to do next week
this usually level to go first but
looking at the document think it is re
not here so I'm gonna let the lie down
first because it's customary you can't
he I don't know nothing okay alright
so I'm very brief today because I need
to just like drop right after giving my
update well no topic updates are in the
dog so if you're interesting
boring stuff it's everything I want to
mention right now what I want to mention
is think that needs review so parasite
redirect opt-out is if you sure that
mean that's been brewing for some time
and they basically just decided to go
and start the review process so this is
like the current version how it looks
like there's like active top section
which is reasonably separate and you
have this toggle for enabling condition
global redirect and in the place when
you had a global redirect previously you
have a toggle for only the current
website so when you are on a website you
to go redirects that was only for that
one words and when you are when you
disable redirect on the website the that
hostname is added to this list it's a
very basic and crude UI but I just
wanted to get it out of the door so it's
sorted alphabetically and there's a
basic validation if the host name is
actual an actual host name and
this is how it looks like in action so
you basically have oh gosh I stopped
sharing how embarrassing
let's try again yeah so basically your
Togo and if you are on the DNS link
website it just very stars at the
original URL and the toggle itself has a
small animation and it works the same as
Delta go so I asked for the feedback and
some of you already provided about like
the usual part and stuff like that but I
would really appreciate more eyes on
this because this mean I'm like this
been requested for a long long time and
it's kinda embarrassing we did not
internet it sooner so I hope to pass it
like finish the review apply or the UI
updates and release a better version of
companion with this feature so we can
like ask people for like using it in the
wild in an in the battle channel next
week and another interesting thing is
that I got HTTP server working are in
brave it's yeah so it's like low-level
stuff but it's interesting because it's
not the road HTTP server is the happy 18
that jeaious ipfs users internally for
exposing gateway when it ransom note
environment and in brief we have access
to additional chrome sockets API and you
can see here this little HTTP server is
basically happy the same version that
runs inside of JSI TFS exposing actually
support and replying with file diff
response are you saying or exposing an
HTTP web server from browser yes from
HTTP web browser still feel like I
buried the lead
yeah so like the jessica's itself does
not start so this happy instance is like
standalone one the there's there's a
unrelated bug in latest JSI PFS but I
hope we'll resolve this quickly and get
because we got happy working so
basically I don't see any technical
reason we would not have the actual HTTP
gateway from Jessica fest we just need
to make Jessica first start there's a
lot of polyfills for network and HTTP
libraries from node that we like we
replaced with the chrome one once and
there may be small is much so there's
some work that needs to happen but it's
sort of exciting yeah and something
brave is the IPO is the previous opening
up to blast plugins oh yeah yeah we like
ipfs companion ID is already blessed and
we are working on ipfs branch if you are
interested in details or if you want to
let's say build brain locally and play
with this there are instructions in this
issue enticed I post the cap dates here
with the next steps yep so the plan is
to have ipfs companion running brave
without external demon and it would like
self-contained IP first experience and
that's it and like my plan for next week
is to basically merge will get reviewed
all the remaining PRS and release new
better of companion sorry for what
always a lot no it's great um that's
what this good stuff on the companion
play so I redirect issue as well that's
worth digging into particularly he got
his chest dropped some radical new
rethink no the companion menu might not
catch I quite like yeah from probably
extracting in a separate issue I think
verbally one cuz
I like said that some of those ideas
here okay next up I will be representing
Enrico so difficult to talk about one of
the things he were talking about one of
the things I worked on so I worked on
DNS deploys that this is the docker
image that gives us these exciting
website habits at like the offense
status updates on Kingman's and it also
bundles our mechanism for updating this
DNS link these are txt records at that
point your domain to a give this address
ocid so this is how we deploy our
buttons and so I rolled that girl and
then read quite excited and made DNS
make trial and so he has played the tool
that lets make dual-link record
CloudFlare is your DNS provider which is
very cool
oh and to see these things in action
like here is a real call request and
deployed status so this gives you a
preview of your site and if you take
your details it'll take you to you
previously you know depending on how
long it takes because it's been vintage
clustered so it expects to generally be
first unless the game use them much he
got them you know you get really it's
real I guess the most important there's
been a release system this was mostly to
test people to update new process which
happened
honestly on at least two windows
installs and happened it happened on
attacks but what happened was got a
notification that there was a new
version of the app it said check here to
install and restart and it you clicked
here and then nothing happened if you
manually restarted the air
you got a new version so they've also
update its almost working on Earth EPS
and is totally working on Windows and so
it's likely there will be a couple more
release to the victor over seven before
we say it's ready for everyone to
install the I'm determined not to shout
them out desktop until water on plate is
working smoothly because it it wants to
be the easy path to staying up to date
with the latest EFS release if we roll
it out and it has a flake equal to
procedure that's just gonna need to look
too difficult to debug progress but not
quite finished some other stuff yeah
then of course I've become the CI person
super exciting probably but the
important news when it's cool is that
this long-running branch to get
analytics into web people is nature
which is dipti um I think that Diego was
saying that his intimate is bad so I'm
kind of probably have to say from his
point of view there's been some exciting
stuff too not least the react
virtualized branch is totally emotional
working so this is the xkcd archive in
my working right so this is the to look
for the links with local running in the
browser and this thing has thousands of
entries but the trick here is and it's
using react virtual zone to look good
with the window scroll listener so you
can keep squirting in as many many
buttons as you want I think there's a
couple of thousand in there
and it's called really fast on firefox
it is this a CFS well I haven't seen
that in chrome yet I saw you take each
study Maki but the key point is we are
closer to being able to render thousands
and thousands and thousands of directory
entries in there and we still got all of
the usual magic the file drop and moving
things around so that's great
I've already touched on it yelling at
the other deity was push barrel
difficult but there are the version tier
of full release so we had a bunch of
improvements the file manager these are
we going on for a supplement um
including things like we've separated
out their creation of new folder from
the add menu that's full its own
separate thing which simplified this
drop down menu we stuck with this
problem of do you want to add a file or
folder because you can't you have to
choose there's no Web API that lets you
can either add or folder and also then
you have this add from mathematics lets
you import Zod 30 this is all
functionality we've always had but it's
not easier to get older I think the
other cool thing is now easier to draw
up things or bug you I want you use
something to drop it like right on the
folder you wanted to you can drop it
over here you can even drop it Arnie
curiously another pages name that's
great because you know he wants to think
don't make me think just let it just
make you just do what I meant
so that will import it to the roof of
here in effects because has no more
information to go we've done a first
pattered defining what's really go in
the tube from front release italy calls
the help from my friends release because
it is about adding help system for
everyone
and it's about improvements to the piers
page so you know made sense to me anyway
if you're interested in the conversation
about what should go into the next
release of of UI you should get involved
in issue number nine seven eight well
that was a whistle stop tour
I think of Kyoto will shout at me if
I've missed anything else but mostly
he's been working on improvements to
appear like that Wheatley let's do hey
if you wanna share with the crew you
guys putting is Aiden II yeah my interns
also not that good I'm using my 4G on my
phone so very me if this thing breaks so
what I've been doing lots of Travis
stuff lots of bundle size stuff and I
lights are probably if anyone still
cares about full streams I have I've
created a full string to stream module
that actually returns proper readable
string three three so if you have some
code path that still needs it you should
use the one I have on the dock the lipid
fee baldness eyes for requests it's done
just waiting on the winds the HTTP
client is also done waiting um the helis
and JSI PFS it's not like pushed yet but
locally add I have three buddies
everything everything is working just
surprising I will post push
to get out as soon as possible and then
just made up waiting for at least leap
HP to release and the window size stuff
will be finished we still have some
readable stream duplication because of a
couple of models one of them is the
buffer list I also have the link in the
dog in the dog with the photo request
from me trying to upgrade it let's see
if they merge it and a couple of more
packages still is still readable stream
but that will get sorted out I also
reviewed vitals for requests and made a
little prototype with some ideas
the main one related to the pull request
is that in my personal opinion I like
toggles with a clear explicit label text
that explains basically the feature and
then you know that either you turn
around with the toggle or you turn that
off
no I don't really think it's a good
experience having this the text changing
when the state changes either of non
always always brings like confusion in
which one is on and off like I share I'm
gonna share the thing you did it's
visually Scotty's discussion yeah CQ so
you got drop two takes so he was like
why why do toggle he's not like tunnels
and in his proposal he's like websites
with it it's a very good idea and like
we actually have this toggle I think
it's like we had it before for switching
between embedded and a remote node yeah
so we basically Mouse yeah that's the
pootie
on the text on the text over it sticks
redirect websites should be their script
on this page is slowing my firefox down
video oh oh nice yeah right but this is
such a radical departure from what and
be kinda much like for daily except
amazingly that just gets on a separately
on but it is yeah basically for that
specifically request idea is to like
instead of like changing the text when
you click it or unclick it just add a
toggle with just with the current
interface of course but the the
suggestions to be specific about what
the future is and just ever talk Salaf
while changing the texts yeah I think
that's that's a reasonable change I
probably will squeeze it into the BR
tomorrow it's also a great demonstration
of how to make UI proposals if you are
able to it's really helpful to be able
to come back and see how it works yeah
so the blockers basically lip HP and JSI
VFS release for the rest of the week all
the and in defines all the packages that
they don't have dependencies this is
related to the async await and the Simca
traders endeavour basically we had a
meeting we talked a little bit about it
and decided to start merging the
low-level packages and that stepping up
to the more complex package until we get
to the PHP and JSF EFS so the first step
is 25
all the repos that we have that don't
depend on any other repo started merging
we like we are a new epoch a minor or a
major and then everything about will be
a single weight and if we need to record
something it will be either a patch or a
minor on the previous version that's
basically depend the the plan going
forward a more I'll be hopefully
integrating the benchmarks on the CI and
finish the JSA PFS bundle side is public
trusts anyone has any questions for me
yeah I much other than watching doctors
do stupid things but I am still working
on that file API um I haven't talked to
you guys I think since I was in San
Francisco with Portia and Michael and
Michael and I have built the
functionality that will let you upload a
file into proto school we haven't worked
on any content teaches you about file
API yet but you know get a file up there
we think we may be able to actually keep
that file like get it moved from one
lesson to when you put the next fund
following lesson maybe you'll also be
able that you work with the same file be
lovely
I'm sort of making progress on like the
structure that enables us to have
lessons about the file API and then I
need to dig more into what we are
actually teaching in those lessons and
create the rest that content so there
are links here to the issue and PR for
that if anyone wants to wait and on
anything please do uh Holly we still
needs connect about that I killed the
Explorer bug that people in crow school
keep commenting on when they try to
click on things really it points to that
is the old CI system that the released
version of Explorer was on I was posting
its own like the best node and then so
then when we shot
back down some sites that have been
deployed from there and been loaded into
many people's local modes would then
certain resources within very difficult
to find on the network so it may have
been related to that there's been a new
deploy or I put the Explorer two weeks
ago and so be interesting to test that
bug again and see if it's still
exhibiting the same problem somebody
reported it within a few days again so
we can look at it and see where do you
think it's coming from enough to
understand that better okay um and
figure out how to answer if it's not
something we can fix immediately either
remove the feature or whatever so
they're not just sitting there certain
screen um yeah and then the other thing
I'm gonna do I'm not really clear on
what's the best repo to put this in for
ipfs but I have a in okay are to build a
protocol roadmap by the end of this
quarter and I'd like to connect with
each of the project teams or at least
most of attitudes that feel I'd be FSI
field etc and ask them to spend some
time looking at the roadmap and thinking
about like what content could be
surfaced in protocol tutorials that
would be useful and help achieve their
goals like if we're focusing on package
managers what's the content that's
beginner-friendly
can work in a web tutorial and helps you
achieve that goal some of that might be
content specific to events right like
ipfs camp are we leading something in
that that can be put into that format
and once we see what the requests are
you know what the teams hope we can do
it will either be saying listen you guys
are gonna need to do a lot of this work
and I'll help you with the editing or
making a case to have more people
specifically hired on the proto school
team or the individual teams to make the
happen or whatever but for now it's just
brain dump about what kind of content
would be appropriate or if there's a
feature missing from proto school that
would make your project be able to be
taught about etc so I'll show the link
to that when I have the issue going for
people that dump ideas in but obviously
right now for ipfs that file tutorial is
the
priority so yeah that's not it for me
all right Jin did you want to add
anything just last week I went down to
Portland and I had coffee with the
Ghazala tied the boat lunette stuff and
I had ideas he had ideas nice and also a
Kyle who's been running the web gateway
so I had lots of interesting talk with
him and Devon up here met Deb dot pure
pad dotnet is the flight so thinks a
leak if I wouldn't have never figured
that out and I had to tweak a little
something but it's it seems to be
working so I'm pretty excited about that
hopefully we can cut the the main peer
pad over pretty soon just need to get
that I don't want to cut it over until
people can type documents in it and they
never lose them so a few things have to
do for that very good yeah so and I
think we're gonna be switching over into
a mode where I'm searching for
collaboration opportunities I can do
with other teams using some of the peer
based technologies and opportunities
perhaps on the web side of things yes if
you have any ideas and experiment more
with Lynette and stuff that had a lot of
crazy crazy ideas but I don't want to go
into highlight so like every quarter
webui wants to include something that
makes it really easy for people to
publish a website right from the web UI
and every quarter we're like just
probably we should something that we
should all focus on for like a whole
quarter but if you have ideas that are
already pretty well formed it would be
going to collaborate on them yeah I got
some ideas I know that that was
definitely what you've been demoing
previous weeks like the outline of
publishing direct
I've got some twenty we should probably
break that out um I'm not sure if
there's an issue I think it's my hope if
sqe there's an issue about publishing
sites straight from the way even so I'm
feel free to start them and we can move
content or room cool
Andrew Nesbit hey hey thank you it's
very warm here unusual
you mean the Welcome you've received yes
also winter weather 21 degrees it is my
describes is yeah a very difficult PR of
climate change because okay it's become
this is great unusually Pleasant yes
this has got nothing to do with desktops
or web but he's cool and all he asked me
to come in and sure so this morning I
was hacking on homebrew the Mac package
manager and I managed to get my PFS
support added to it obviously it's not
being merged in upstream but basically
we have the nice thing about homebrew is
all of the registries enclosed inside
the git repository including all of the
metadata and the URL to go find where
the actual package is and this is
basically a script to tell it how to
install it after its downloaded it what
I did was added ipfs hash of this tar
ball here as an extra field onto my Fork
of homebrew and then updated homebrew
itself to be able to recognize this ipfs
method which didn't take a huge amount
of code basically adding a download
strategy they already have a number of
get and s vienen
other kinds of things and here's the
like the magic call out to the ipfs
binary once assuming that you're already
running the demon then it will say get
this hash put it here and then
everything else just works where I have
a little screenshot here it basically
will then we'll say fetching the hash
via I give s puts it in the cache
location that the regular homebrew would
and then runs everything as if it is
none the wiser to how I can move that
stuff which is very cool resulting in if
you haven't tried the SL program it's
great you get a little train run across
the screen when you accidentally typing
LS and I message the homebrew maintainer
about it and he thought that was a very
cool thing to do and I don't know if
we'll get most in anytime soon but it
potentially means we could have quite a
large package modes are supported with
without needing to do a huge amount of
kind of hosting costs because it's all
nicely distributed by putting the
registry on github and then anyone who
happens to have those packages it's
essentially just using the the URL store
which I think he's still experimental in
go ipfs but should probably
it seems very stable and good to me so
we should probably turn that on and then
someone can just upload all the packages
and pin them so that they have been
available for lots of people to use it
super cool I suppose then the ongoing
process of like making sure that future
editions can hand it that would be an
interesting service to run but it's
great yeah it's basically they have the
the bottle box that builds the binaries
already that's the thing that this
doesn't support is is binaries that are
already pre compiled but that wouldn't
be too much work to add in very similar
process of saying like here is the OPF s
hash to go find
where the binaries are which is
different to where the original source
is and then you could watch the repo
anytime there's a commit go right to the
ipfs fork or even just like have that as
part of any poor aggressor gets then
also like had it to ipfs super cool the
fact that it's always available on HTTP
if you can't find otherwise it is an
ideal arrangement communal bandwidth for
the popular HTTP fallback for the rare
gems and but like having a package
manager or an IVA this without having to
boil the ocean is a great win there's
also they heavily use homebrew on Travis
and circle CI anytime that you're
running like iOS pests or Mac OS test
for your apps will do brew install stuff
so the nice thing is it Maps a name you
don't need to change anything it could
just be like oh suddenly all these CI
machines are also nodes in the cluster
or swarm or whatever the word is ipfs
people yeah I think it's a swarm very
cool okay any questions for entry very
good and watch this space more coming so
that is everyone's ketchups
[Music]
Thanks it's going to talk about
analytics but it isn't so exciting
moving on to the agenda is the words
that were muted just that there's now a
PR there's the latest version of web UI
includes self hosted analytics system in
it the latest version of my calls out to
a self hosted analytics service the
problem is that we worked on this as a
working group we pedaled and pedals that
as an as a project the idea theschool is
looking to get better understanding of
the size of the ecosystem and who's
using what and then as developers of the
web UI we're looking to understand which
features of the web UI as it exists
people are using and which features
they're not using and to just do that
kind of standard thing of try and get
some numbers to help guide better
decision-making but also it's a
difficult like to hold the word
analytics now is fraught with I think
Facebook has ruined it for everyone by
tracking waiting much data and mining it
for reasons that we're not obvious so
the conversation is now finally started
around what would be an appropriate form
of metrics gathering for ipfs
specifically for go ipfs at this point
but it's a useful conversation for us
two hands and all because I think people
are also concerned about the fact that
we have Google Analytics deployed on a
lot of our static websites like ipfs dot
IO the the front door to the project is
using GA and people have pretty strong
feelings about that in the sense that a
lot of people feel that we shouldn't
have
we shouldn't be throwing user data a
third party which is reasonable so the
good news is like the self hosted County
in Stinson's that my PFS is collecting
data that only likely of their owns and
we
have a privacy policy and we say we
won't data - that's better than throwing
people's data at their potty the
conversation that needs to happen is now
what in what form is it okay for web UI
to track user actions at all so there's
a PR for that that's right no PR an
issue and then he let me take it out
just to do it I'm gonna dump it on cool
maybe I'll share my screen so that it's
on the video I am doing this the issue
number is 980 on the web UI and it's
good because it's just like a very
thorough its expounding of like what
would be seen as acceptable metrics
gathering forego ipfs his purposes and
I've taken their time to write up the
analytics system that looking way has in
place Merrill and I've dropped in all
the data around ones so if you're
interested in that conversation it's you
know in 8-0 more exciting we've got a
new release to plan for web you are for
that collection of divs and actions that
we know and love as the IP of this web
UI and the proposal for the next release
is to focus on and unobtrusive help
system to onboard new users that and
improvements to the peers page right now
that you get things like this so if you
turn you it might get history locks so
then the peers page right now is
glorified Maps we use ipfs geo geo IP to
look up the estimated locations of other
users based on their IP
which is kind of great but there's no
interactivity if it's just a list and a
dot on a map so one feature of this next
release is we'd like to make that better
particularly we'd like to allow you to
connect to specific ears
you haven't already connected to also to
highlight
here's weave on your local network this
is like you should move away from a
world map and dots on a map it's kind of
fun doesn't doesn't provide much real
utility so more what would be more
interesting is to say oh that you are on
a network with someone else who is
working locally that's that's
interesting all you are there appears in
your network you are regionally native
or IP address Nia T and also I think we
now have latency information on the
islets that tells us which appears you
have a low ping time to so which a
network Li needs you in terms of if
you're going to transfer a lot of blocks
that be interesting to know that these
people have a quick quick knit look um
if people have other suggestions for
things that they desperately like to see
Vince release issue knowing 7/8 is the
place to go and have that conversation
if anyone on the call now has things and
thoughts and feelings about that do you
Cheryl oh just teasing is there any way
to associate like a nickname with a
gobbledygook tier name so I can just
write Ollie and myself I'll be able to
see it labeled as Ollie when I come back
the gobbledygook peer ID that is there
is no way to do that currently okay
and that is high on my list of things to
fix
yeah I haven't added it to this but as
you've raised it I might reconsider that
if you could go and like mention that
that would be something I don't care
about on the issue that would help yeah
and then if they're already like so
let's say I can't make it say Ollie but
I can pick like my three favorite and
then try to remember that they were only
an Ellen and whoever is there already
like a favoriting thing
it's the worst it's just a list okay
I'll go in add suggestions please ignore
it in a second
no we've wanted a way of being able to
translate their ID to like oh that's my
friend that's Terry like she's on mine
that's great because it also ties in
with like the ability to make most
ad-hoc pin buddy clusters you don't need
to necessarily run all um you don't have
to have a server running like FS cluster
perhaps you just have a group of friends
large enough that say you were in an
organization that you had people all
around the world like you could so don't
have agreed to repin each other's
pins to get that content distributed
globally Andrew give you another
question I don't know a lot about the
pin the peers UI at the moment but is it
possible to see how many other people
are sharing the same file as you so
there's an API call and it's DHT I'd be
using the API call and the terminal
earlier and the problem with the mine
props call last time I tried it was it
as it takes a long time because it's
counting the network so it could give
you a wrong answer quickly or if you
give you a progressively less les rest
like is there anyone if I look there
file that there any peers that have this
power what what we really wanted was in
the files view there's designs for
Health a replication health indicator so
that as you got to share things you can
see if the only copy that you'll know it
is aware of is on your machine or if
it's on three or more machines or many
like it's just a kind of like red red
and the green health indicator you can
click it by point and you then okay if
it's rare to be like maybe he'd throw
some coins of it that kind of thing yeah
I think the problem we hope there is
something you our UX point of view just
like the time it takes to get a useful
answer out of fun props
I would actually did very sparingly on a
thousand item directory listening times
but it'd be nice to have a button you
could like request like at least show
off than that a pro exists certainly
seems like something the package manager
world one like I want to know that this
package is to be available when I turn
up like a Peter okay because I there's a
pretty serious privacy in from the
imposition on all this stuff to the
location of people finding people's
content and then officiating yeah just
search for controversial content a
there's everybody in the world and where
they're located on the map yeah and
there may be so it has to be designed
sort of carefully so or like in the case
of package management it's like oh
there's a vulnerable package show me
everybody who's from the vulnerable
package oh there's a list of ideas
there's two sides to that yeah
absolutely
um in the scope of the web you I look I
see that as like fundamentals that the
oculus protocol has to address no no no
I suppose the what I'm wondering is like
how we need to show off what the current
API can do but it would you kind of
level it as a like it's a bad idea to
let people associate names in the web UI
with clear IDs because at the lower
network level we haven't done anything
to anonymize
easy I think it's okay to name your peer
just as long as everybody knows that
that's such as like that name is public
to the whole world so I think and as
long as everyone knows that because that
would just be private to you'll here
with you like because there's no way you
could have like sort of private private
sharing no it's definitely it's worth
raising I think the implementation I was
thinking of was just the web UI level to
spin into alias appear ID but that would
naturally lead people to want to share
them and then if we haven't already had
the conversation about why that is
high-risk thing to be and kind of lead
people down a slippery slope yeah
you're fat actually does do the allow
you to label your peer ID this little
thing you can click on add your name to
it yeah I don't think anybody's ever
used it but it's good I think file coin
lets you do that with your node as well
he said it's Amelia slow mode but it's
interesting that doesn't live up to that
feature only interesting anything that
it hasn't been a priority but it's
interesting that is that one quickly
realize that there was a value in them
for alias notes on a treated system if
anyone has any experience building of
systems for WebEx but if anyone has any
examples of particularly good help
systems in web apps please Anthony
humans at the anti-pattern is to tour
install app for the first time yeah and
it's like 20 pages like click here and
there's a little bubble and
what's the patent well the anti-pattern
I think even slack was doing it whereas
like oh you're neither slack you know
he's the quicker I think it was because
their UI was confusing enough to new
users that they had to put a bandaid on
it so yeah yeah I don't know um have you
gotten any examples of good I think the
thing that sets a good one apart is you
don't have to explain it yeah as in you
could watch don't need help yeah but I
think I think video games are the best
place to look more start a game it's a
default as a story yep absolutely yeah
um I'm hoping to keep the webview eyes
interface as simple as possible so that
it doesn't include amount of explaining
the problem is we also have to explain a
lot of in sexual surface area but okay
that's I see the job that would be wise
it's kind of educating about the network
underneath so even if we can make the
buttons reasonably fair and the actions
that follow them reasonably clear we
still have to help to build up the
mental model on what's going on
underneath there yeah the window Richard
actually includes some critical modules
like break in yeah this is this is the
kind of stuff I was thinking certainly
like what is the how do we in to weave
this work with political work certainly
like the easy one is like linking out to
throw ice cream wherever relevant maybe
building a book through in roseburg we
can they be back to your life narrated
storytelling introduction to the book
you know I'll put some examples in there
I do have a couple that I think could be
relevant to this um but it depends on
the scope of this do you look at
building this out as an entire knowledge
base for the web UI and how ipfs is used
or is there something that exists that's
similar to that over so the there's
purpose rule and there's the Docstoc
Edisto if they are the major silos of
information that I didn't I see this as
being overtime ipfs will add more
features and general goal is to expose
as much of the best api as is sensible
it's clear like is here's a good use
case for using this API is purpose I
also want do the web UI to onboard new
users and help them build a mental model
so I want this to grow over time and
become really really useful cool because
actually some of the the good knowledge
base systems out there they include
embedded widgets that basically kind of
mimic a chat like functionality where
you start I think help that you need
contextually to the page you're on and
then your knowledge base associates
those particular views with certain tags
so all autosuggest
articles that we relevant for that page
and then if not they can suggest suggest
things so it just gets richer over time
so I think that twofold in context
really helps because it's like you can
browse a knowledgebase independently but
then you can just jump straight in
through a help widget that gives you
like shorthand answers for that
particular page of you and yeah that
will definitely help us in terms of
iterating and testing the UI and
understanding like what people having
much most problems with so it should be
an opportunity for us to gather
information from everyone and see what
they're struggling with super full
oh yeah please do and we only have two
minutes left
anyone else got any other business all
right this has been the weekly in web
browsers and IPS GUI team catch-up cool
see you again at the same time same
place next week
[Music]